Equals (#442)
PrQL/prql: reference/src/examples/variables.md

    sum salary,
    sum gross_salary,
    average gross_cost,
    sum_gross_cost = sum gross_cost,
    ct = count,
  ]
)
sort sum_gross_cost
filter ct > 200
take 20
```

```prql
from employees
group [emp_no] (
  aggregate [

>     emp_salary = average salary     # avg_salary should resolve to "AVG(salary)" (from stdlib)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    emp_salary = average salary     # average salary resolves to "AVG(salary)" (from stdlib)
```
